aggregate.add_host.end specific-payload
aggregate.add_host.start specific-payload
aggregate.create.end specific-payload
aggregate.create.start specific-payload
aggregate.delete.end specific-payload
aggregate.delete.start specific-payload
aggregate.remove_host.end specific-payload
aggregate.remove_host.start specific-payload
aggregate.updatemetadata.end specific-payload
aggregate.updatemetadata.start specific-payload
aggregate.updateprop.end specific-payload
aggregate.updateprop.start specific-payload
api.fault specific-payload
instance.create.end instance-payload
instance.create.error instance-payload
instance.add_fixed_ip.end instance-payload
instance.add_fixed_ip.start instance-payload
instance.create.start instance-payload
instance.delete.end instance-payload
instance.remove_fixed_ip.end instance-payload
instance.remove_fixed_ip.start instance-payload
instance.delete.start instance-payload
instance.evacuate instance-payload
instance.exists extended-instance-payload
instance.resize_finish.end instance-payload
instance.resize_finish.start instance-payload
instance.live_migration_abort.start instance-payload
instance.live_migration_abort.end instance-payload
instance.live_migration_force_complete.start instance-payload
instance.live_migration_force_complete.end instance-payload
instance.live_migration_post_dest.end instance-payload
instance.live_migration_post_dest.start instance-payload
instance.live_migration_post.end instance-payload
instance.live_migration_post.start instance-payload
instance.live_migration_pre.end instance-payload
instance.live_migration_pre.start instance-payload
instance.live_migration_rollback_dest.end instance-payload
instance.live_migration_rollback_dest.start instance-payload
instance.live_migration_rollback.end instance-payload
instance.live_migration_rollback.start instance-payload
instance.pause.end instance-payload
instance.pause.start instance-payload
instance.power_off.end instance-payload
instance.power_off.start instance-payload
instance.power_on.end instance-payload
instance.power_on.start instance-payload
instance.reboot.error instance-payload
instance.reboot.end instance-payload
instance.reboot.start instance-payload
instance.rebuild.end instance-payload
instance.rebuild.error instance-payload
instance.rebuild.scheduled instance-payload
instance.rebuild.start instance-payload
instance.rescue.end extended-instance-payload
instance.rescue.start extended-instance-payload
instance.resize_confirm.end instance-payload
instance.resize_confirm.start instance-payload
instance.resize.end instance-payload
instance.resize.error instance-payload
instance.resize_prep.end instance-payload
instance.resize_prep.start instance-payload
instance.resize_revert.end instance-payload
instance.resize_revert.start instance-payload
instance.resize.start instance-payload
instance.restore.end instance-payload
instance.restore.start instance-payload
instance.resume.end instance-payload
instance.resume.start instance-payload
instance.shelve.end instance-payload
instance.shelve_offload.end instance-payload
instance.shelve_offload.start instance-payload
instance.shelve.start instance-payload
instance.shutdown.end instance-payload
instance.shutdown.start instance-payload
instance.snapshot.end instance-payload
instance.snapshot.start instance-payload
instance.soft_delete.end instance-payload
instance.soft_delete.start instance-payload
instance.suspend.end instance-payload
instance.suspend.start instance-payload
instance.trigger_crash_dump.end instance-payload
instance.trigger_crash_dump.start instance-payload
instance.unpause.end instance-payload
instance.unpause.start instance-payload
instance.unrescue.end instance-payload
instance.unrescue.start instance-payload
instance.unshelve.start instance-payload
instance.unshelve.end instance-payload
instance.update extended-instance-payload
instance.volume_attach extended-instance-payload
instance.volume_detach extended-instance-payload
libvirt.error specific-payload
compute_task.build_instances specific-payload
compute_task.migrate_server specific-payload
compute_task.rebuild_server specific-payload
HostAPI.power_action.end specific-payload
HostAPI.power_action.start specific-payload
HostAPI.set_enabled.end specific-payload
HostAPI.set_enabled.start specific-payload
HostAPI.set_maintenance.end specific-payload
HostAPI.set_maintenance.start specific-payload
keypair.create.start specific-payload
keypair.create.end specific-payload
keypair.delete.start specific-payload
keypair.delete.end specific-payload
keypair.import.start specific-payload
keypair.import.end specific-payload
network.floating_ip.allocate specific-payload
network.floating_ip.associate specific-payload
network.floating_ip.deallocate specific-payload
network.floating_ip.disassociate specific-payload
scheduler.select_destinations.end specific-payload
scheduler.select_destinations.start specific-payload
servergroup.addmember specific-payload
servergroup.create specific-payload
servergroup.delete specific-payload
volume.usage specific-payload
compute.exception specific-payload
metrics.update specific-payload
